there's a lot of companies out there
sadly that when you speak to them
about seo primarily they try and make it
sound like it's some kind of
magic some kind of witchcraft some kind
of wizardry that it's
only these super intelligent experts can
do and by doing these magic conundrums
over time over months and years you'll
get your website to page one of google
and it's
it's there's a lot of jargon there's a
lot of tech and there's a lot of unknown
industry secrets and that's just
something that really frustrates me
because seo doesn't have to be
doesn't have to be crazy difficult once
you break it down
the actual steps that you need to follow
in terms of the work on your website off
of your website
producing content which we'll get into
in a bit are
fairly straightforward yes like many
things it's a skill
it's something you have to have
knowledge in the industry um you can do
it yourself if you've got the time
resources and the know-how
um like many things if you've got those
in place or if you've got a team yes you
can
sometimes you might want to have a
freelance or a company to help you out
um but it's just one thing that
frustrates me because a lot of customers
that have come to us over the years have
basically just said agencies have
bamboozled them into buying
by using all this tech this jargon and
just saying it's something that's kind
of an industry secret how you do it and
really it's not